Make HttpURLConnection connection inactivity timeout configurable and add test for harvester code (#569)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-android: instrumentation/httpurlconnection/README.md

#### Scheduling Harvester Thread

To schedule a periodically running thread to conclude/report spans on any unreported, idle connections, add the below code in the function where your application starts ( that could be onCreate() method of first Activity/Fragment/Service):
```Java
HttpUrlInstrumentationConfig.setConnectionInactivityTimeoutMs(customTimeoutValue); //This is optional. Replace customTimeoutValue with a long data type value which denotes the connection inactivity timeout in milli seconds. Defaults to 10000ms
Executors.newSingleThreadScheduledExecutor().scheduleWithFixedDelay(HttpUrlInstrumentationConfig.getReportIdleConnectionRunnable(), 0, HttpUrlInstrumentationConfig.getReportIdleConnectionInterval(), TimeUnit.MILLISECONDS);
```

- `HttpUrlInstrumentationConfig.getReportIdleConnectionRunnable()` is the API to get the runnable.
- By default, connections inactive for 10000ms are reported. To optionally change the connection inactivity timeout call `HttpUrlInstrumentationConfig.setConnectionInactivityTimeoutMs(customTimeoutValue)` API as shown in above code snippet.

> - It is efficient to run the harvester thread at the same time interval as the connection inactivity timeout used to identify the connections to be reported. `HttpUrlInstrumentationConfig.getReportIdleConnectionInterval()` is the API to get the same connection inactivity timeout interval (milli seconds) you have configured or the default value of 10000ms if not configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It is efficient to run the harvester thread at the same time interval as the connection inactivity timeout used to identify the connections to be reported. `HttpUrlInstrumentationConfig.getReportIdleConnectionInterval()` is the API to get the same connection inactivity timeout interval (milliseconds) you have configured or the default value of 10000ms if not configured.
```
